---
title: "Biking on the Mind"
date: 2024-04-12
---

# Lifetime Grand Prix
I just binged Season 1 and 2 of the Lifetime Grand Prix in 3 days. It was such a great race series. Inspiring. It makes it a little difficult to focus on work... so I am writing about biking since it is what is truly on my mind. 

Watching Keegan Swenson just fly away at every race is incredible. It makes me want to feel fit again. Like a real athlete. Though I suppose that fitness feeling really just means tired all the time. Which I feel like I am already. ha. But back in 2022, when I was running 80 miles a week, I felt incredible. I felt purposeful. I think that finding that in gravel biking may be a good pathway for me. Or triathlon. I do enjoy running as well. Either way, my focus for now is building up fitness for both. With Lake to Lake around the corner, and the Littleton Crit not too far after. Maybe I'll tack the Rad Dirt Fest on to the docket. 

Sunday is my fourth Horsetooth Half Marathon. Likely it is the least fit I have been going into it. Not the least fresh, but also not the freshest. 2021 I raced hard and did reasonably well. Not fit, but fresh. 2022 I was not fresh but had some incredible fitness. 2023 I had a little freshness and a little fitness. This year I feel like I am going in with no fitness and certainly not fit. I have only 2 weeks of ok training under my belt. I've been super inconsistent. And tomorrow, because of the Lifetime Grand Prix, I am likely going to go for a long gravel ride. It sounds fun, and I want to see what happens. 

I need a training plan. I am interested in trying Trainer Road, but am hesitant due to my lack of power meter. I am not sure how much benefit I would get out of that. Plus I kinda like not knowing how unfit I am. And while I could follow a training plan, I would have a hard time deviating from that when it came to all the group activities I do. Still... tempting. 

I suppose this is just my random ramble of biking and training. But Katie is getting home, and I am running out of thoughts. Very inconsistent with this, but I did it again, so I guess I will keep trying. 

Insert random sign off here! 