---
title: "Defeat"
date: 2024-04-01
---

# When You're Down
Before getting up, I seem to have started making dinner plans. Instead of picking myself up out of the dirt, I'm considering how I got there. I am likely focused on the wrong things. But it gives me a focus. Taking time in the dirt to plan the next moves isn't so bad. But I know I can't take too long, else I will think that in the dirt is where I should remain. 

So what are the primary things I want from where I stand up to go next. 
1. Adventure
2. Community
3. Mountains
4. Achievement
5. Humility (Should this really be so far down?)
6. Balance (Though maybe this comes from within. )

I love excellence. I love working shoulder to shoulder with those I trust and can speak freely with. And with those people, I want us to rise to the top. Be the best at what we do. Then show others how we got here. 

# Educator 
I am an educator, but I don't think that can be my primary role. Consistency makes me an unreliable leader, and teaching in many ways is leading. I like to have space to step into the shadows and breathe. 

# Standing up
No matter what, it seems that it is time to look toward how I will elevate. I am stagnating. Change is calling. It doesn't need to be drastic, and it doesn't need to be immediate. But it is coming whether I want it or not (and I want it). Plans are made. May God change that plan as he does, but let's also move. Like running downhill, the faster your feet are moving, the more ready you are for the rock that shifts underfoot. 