---
title: "Difficulty"
date: 2024-03-27
---

# Is it me?
I am not a consistent person. I go through phases of what interests me and where my passions lie. I can do something very consistently for 3 months, and then drop it and forget about it for another 3 months. I've noticed this about myself since I was 6. Now as I am in the beginning (middle?) of my career, and I feel dissatisfaction, should I wait for it to pass. Or take the opportunity of desire to force my future self into following through. Ie. signing up for a masters degree that financially commits me to completion. 

At 10X, there are a lot of great things, in theory. 10X has little formal structure. We have values... that I have mixed feelings about there value. Likely the most touted value of 10X is something we call "Empowerment+". It represents our ability to be heard no matter who we are. It means when we see something wrong, or something we want to work on, we are welcome to jump in and take care of it. And as I explain it, I wonder if I even understand what it means. Lately me it has meant, if you want something done, roll up your sleeves and do it. It is something that has allowed particular people (myself included) to have more power than we aught to have. When one person has the power to get something done, it also seems to mean that we have no accountability. Or no validation. Let me try and explain better in an example.
Devops has been a one woman job at 10X for years. There was some availability in my role to assist with some of the devops work, and it wet my appetite for more. Devops is so much fun. It is like playing with Legos. There are so many blocks of things, and you can build them up and tear them down in so many ways. A few years down the line, my main role at 10X has become that of a devops engineer. And now I see that 10X has many great systems in place to validate the quality of our applications, and not a bit of any of that for devops. This makes no sense to me. When devops fails, the entire application can go down. This is highly critical. And as far as I can tell, no one at 10X cares about devops as long as it gets done. There has been no investment in tools, education, or even quality control. 1 person was assumed to be able to take care of everything deployment wise for 4 different projects. And for some reason, even library and tool upgrades fell to the single person. Now that there are 2 ish people working on it the expectation seems to be that we can get everything fixed and upgraded in a few weeks. 
We are "empowered" to get these things fixed. Yet it doesn't really feel like we are supported. To give credit where it is due, we are applauded for our work, as long as we get work done in what seems to be a "timely" manner. 
This feels like a complaint with no real point. And I don't think it really has one. I don't want to just complain. I want to find solutions. I want to figure out how to support our team members while we empower them. Empowerment without support feels like being told to jump off a boat in the middle of the ocean to find out if you can swim. 